README.md, before:

### RTTI parser
---

Parses RTTI information from executable.

### Example

**HexRays decompiler view**

Before:

![decompiler view before](git_resources/decompiler_before.png)

After:

![decompiler view after](git_resources/decompiler_after.png)

**Functions window**

Before:

![functions window before](git_resources/function_window_before.png)

After:

![functions window after](git_resources/function_window_after.png)

**Structs window**

![structs windows](git_resources/structs_window_after.png)

### Install & Run

1. git clone https://github.com/MlsDmitry/better-rtti-parser
2. Click on "IDA > File > Script file" and choose rtti_parse.py
3. Happy RE time!

### Why another RTTI parser ?

I didn't really liked code in SusanRTTI repo and it didn't do what I want ( rename functions to BaseClass::AnotherClass::sub_4B5A ). I decided to spend few more hours to rewrite code, learn how to write IDA plugins. Finally, it became a lot faster, I really liked it, so I'll continue to update it.


### Known issues

#### No Code refs found for _ZNTV...

**Problem**: 

I didn't find a way to get address of first character of string that matched at some position. If know/found solution just add answer in [#1](https://github.com/MlsDmitry/better-rtti-parser/issues/1#issue-1092129391) issue

**Steps to resolve**:

Find full symbol name for __class_type_info, __si_class_type_info or __vmi_class_type_info by searching in IDA and replace old ones in TiClassKind in rtti_parse.py.


### Current cover 

- [x] GNU g++ 64-bit 
- [x] IDA Pro 7.4-7.6
- [x] Rename functions to BaseClass::AnotherClass::sub_4B5A format
- [ ] Make class graph ( Not really sure if needed )
- [ ] Create structures for vtables
- [ ] IDA Pro 7.0-7.3
- [ ] GNU G++ 32-bit
- [ ] MSVC 64-bit
- [ ] MSVC 32-bit

### Test environment

- Windows 10 2021 H1
- IDA Pro 7.6
- Python 3.10 ( I'm surprised this python version works well )
- x64 GNU g++ binary

### Examples

Check out example folder. There are .elf files for you to test.

Example output ->

![an image should be here](git_resources/sample_output.png)

### Credits

1. [@IgorSkochinsky](https://twitter.com/igorskochinsky) for http://www.hexblog.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/Recon-2012-Skochinsky-Compiler-Internals.pdf ( plugin algo entirely based on his research )
2. [@layle_ctf](https://twitter.com/layle_ctf) made my life easier with IDA remote script execution and debugging https://github.com/ioncodes/idacode

Commit message:

fixed __thiscall not applying to function type

README.md, after:

### RTTI parser
---

Parses RTTI information from executable.

### Example

**HexRays decompiler view**

Before:

![decompiler view before](git_resources/decompiler_before.png)

After:

![decompiler view after](git_resources/decompiler_after.png)

**Functions window**

Before:

![functions window before](git_resources/function_window_before.png)

After:

![functions window after](git_resources/function_window_after.png)

**Structs window**

![structs windows](git_resources/structs_window_after.png)

### Install & Run

1. git clone https://github.com/MlsDmitry/better-rtti-parser
2. Click on "IDA > File > Script file" and choose rtti_parse.py
3. Happy RE time!

### Why another RTTI parser ?

I didn't really liked code in SusanRTTI repo and it didn't do what I want ( rename functions to BaseClass::AnotherClass::sub_4B5A ). I decided to spend few more hours to rewrite code, learn how to write IDA plugins. Finally, it became a lot faster, I really liked it, so I'll continue to update it.


### Known issues

#### No Code refs found for _ZNTV...

**Problem**: 

I didn't find a way to get address of first character of string that matched at some position. If know/found solution just add answer in [#1](https://github.com/MlsDmitry/better-rtti-parser/issues/1#issue-1092129391) issue

**Steps to resolve**:

Find full symbol name for __class_type_info, __si_class_type_info or __vmi_class_type_info by searching in IDA and replace old ones in TiClassKind in rtti_parse.py.


### Current cover 

- [x] GNU g++ 64-bit 
- [x] IDA Pro 7.4-7.6
- [x] Rename functions to BaseClass::AnotherClass::sub_4B5A format
- [x] Create structures for vtables
- [ ] Fix: place "v" at the end of symbol only if there are no parameters for function
- [ ] Find destructors ( Not really sure how accurate it will be )
- [ ] Make class graph
- [ ] IDA Pro 7.0-7.3
- [ ] GNU G++ 32-bit
- [ ] MSVC 64-bit
- [ ] MSVC 32-bit

### Test environment

- Windows 10 2021 H1
- IDA Pro 7.6
- Python 3.10 ( I'm surprised this python version works well )
- x64 GNU g++ binary

### Examples

Check out example folder. There are .elf files for you to test.

Example output ->

![an image should be here](git_resources/sample_output.png)

### Credits

1. [@IgorSkochinsky](https://twitter.com/igorskochinsky) for http://www.hexblog.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/Recon-2012-Skochinsky-Compiler-Internals.pdf ( plugin algo entirely based on his research )
2. [@layle_ctf](https://twitter.com/layle_ctf) made my life easier with IDA remote script execution and debugging https://github.com/ioncodes/idacode
